# CS340-Portfolio

When it comes to writing code that is clean, maintainable, and readable, there are many avenues to take. For readability, comments are your best friend. While it is essential for others that are diving into your codebase, it also helps you when you have to backtrack to code you've written months prior and don't have it fresh in your mind. For maintainability, modularity is key. Breaking your code up into well-defined functions or modules with only the necessary arguments and variables is key to reusability and modularity. For my CRUD module, I made it so there were very little hardcoded credentials or values in the modules themselves to allow whoever or whatever uses it to give it as specific a functionality as possible. The advantages are that code is reusable, you don't have to reinvent the wheel every time you need to use it, and it makes it much easier to understand the core functionality of your code.

Approaching this problem as a computer scientist allows you to think through things logically, given the background of computer science itself. Starting with a solid understanding of the problem, asking questions, and defining requirements allows you to break problems down and make them manageable. Considering design solutions, like data structures or architectural patterns allows you to design the system efficiently. Testing code thoroughly and frequently, and refining solutions based on feedback. The main difference with computer science is that there is no real answer, and you are never truly a master as this field evolves faster than you can learn. There will always be something new, and the open-world context will always keep you engaged.

The core work of computer scientists is to design, build, and implement software systems. Whether it's developing software, designing system architecture, or researching new technologies, there are many possibilities for roles within the field of computer science. This matters for companies like Grazioso Salvare because it improves efficiency, uncovers data-driven patterns, creates new products, services, and experiences, and gives companies a competitive advantage with web or mobile presence.
